Add already fixed bug to 1.65.0 release notes (#4323)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/releases/v1-65-0.mdx

Improved the performance and reliability of background jobs in multi-node clusters, reducing load by a factor of 3-9x.
</Item>

<Item category="fix" since="1.62.0" issue="3436">

> Fixed Freemarker exception that occurred when viewing keys in key master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a [FreeMarker](https://freemarker.apache.org/) exception that previously displayed when viewing keys without an algorithm in Key Master.
```
